Today I'm going to teach you how to make a super
puma generating kz who taught me how to do
similar was a master of the masters of
bandeirantes that is called Ítalo carvalho
lives in Salvador and gave the suggestion and
also passed all instructions
how to do and how to hurl the
boomerang
You're going to need things a lot.
of an ice cream pack
used is the one that you throw away the guard
for nothing in the house of a mold this mold
here is the merengue shipment with the
right hand
if you do not know right-handed and left - handed
renaissance the number one way
different and you will also need
a staple of a pen to
to write a seat can be a little pen
a pencil anything I got
write on the plastic and a
scissors
to start you have to cut a
piece of mold after passing this mold
to the ice cream bin at the place
be straight without curves and trim the mold
in the box
you need to cut 3 pieces
different you will also realize that
the box lets you do more or less
a three boomerang and now it's time
of joining these three little things the three
parts must be well distributed or
be you can not leave two sides
near the other so far has to
put the three in the same distance
forming a beautiful figure is is the question
there are three pieces and I'll mark these
three pieces of the special way put a
in red here the parts that go by
on top of the other
So I'll get this part to put
on top of the other have to leave this
Well done, and put this
other party above as well and the third
part that goes over and over
so we now have a braid and the
We have to distribute the pieces well.
to stay well aligned as well
aligned so it's time for you
staple number is already in a format
boomerang and now it's time to double
these bridges here so I'll get
each dot here and bend down
the ideal is to use a wood with a corner
well live strong corner and bend a
bit down here scoring well
this dotted line later you can
better adjust the angle of this angle
work is more or less the one you are
seeing here does not need to be very closed
and to improve the aerodynamics I go
to draw a close tie on these little
The clip that has been left here is
It's time to decorate our great
I'm going to clean up all this dirt that
with alcohol and the master all recommends that
we only run the middle of the boomerang
that's not to get your hands dirty
hold the tip and also only part of
because it is the boomerang pattern
the number is not 100% ready but I
I have to say that doing the boomerang is
the easy part of history because
now we have to hurl the
government takes a look at the instructions
The master passed the first thing that
You have to learn is the right way to
hold on
the memo must close its hand and
put the number in this little joke here
between the index finger and thumb
The second thing is that it can not be
flipped horizontally and also be
tossed vertically a little bit
angled right
another important thing this distance
between Iran and his hand without placing there
very close here the hand can not let is
so you have to leave it close here.
something else that tip you can
hold very lightly as if you had
with disgust of merengue for it to come out easy
at the time of throwing that last
thing is that you have to play a great
with the fist and not the whole arm and I
I forgot to mention that when it comes to
To throw you have to keep your arm.
here on the side of the trunk more or less
here at the height of the head and then just play
meringue make up
Talk is easy, let's try to play this.
business now but here I am playing
a number that only takes a look at what the
Italo does
but they started here you find in the
world manual
if you got really excited about the idea
boomerang I 'm leaving here at
down the ita blog link soon goes
teach to do several other models
yet how it works is as
cid championship in uberlândia and monte de
thing I wanted to also thank
lucas menezes who was the one who filmed the
I tossed it meranti there in
savior
is down here leaving two links of
things hurl weiss threw six
levels that things you can play a
paper airplane that goes very far
The plan was very cool this year.
side here and said other side lets the
link liver pathway testing link from
origami ninja star who is also
very cool